**HIGHLIGHT JULY 2023**

- ***DOCKER***, I got more actively involved with it and slowly starting to understand how it works. I'm also developing the memory and familiarity about the commands to do things with it. Also very, very **broadely** understood the difference between Colima and Docker.
- ***POSTGRESQL*** the first approach to DB since a very long time, it went pretty well event if I'm still having some problems with setting up things and run the application.
- ***NODE*** Finally pushed to start the second 100Dev part, and I've started connecting things and understanding other things I saw previously that barely made sense. I did understand how much is important for me keeping up with theory! Need to learn to proper have a learning schedule.
- ***PACKAGE MANAGERS, NPM*** I've finally understood their purposes and "kinda" their use! It's everything a bit clear of what I've use and saw in the past 6 months, plus I'm starting looking and understanding both the configuration and the fuss about front-end having so much frameworks.
- ***CORE SKILLS*** Did some facilitations and did a presentation. I'm slowly learning how to approach the "corporate-kind-of-way". I also used some of my skill, like organising and planning, in order to make development process a bit smoother.
- ***CONSULTING*** I also started developping my consulting experience. Very goofly but still I'm starting (fake it until you make it!). Gently proposed pairing sessions and learning how much I need to work on mentoring and giving security
- ***ACCESSIBILITY*** From a feedback and a lovely call I've started contribuiting to the a11y toolkit of TW and I've also did a proposal in the Blip collection. I'm slowly building trust and visibility
- ***WRITING*** I'm slowly trying to get back on the habit of writing, and so far is going pretty well! I hope I will be able to do more than only blog post for me!
- - ***VIM*** Learned a bit more about it and learn some more commands on it. I understand the power but it feels still complicated. The command to show the syntax is awesome, even though I am already not able to do it again. 
- ***TDD*** I think I've just realised why is important writing tests first. First of all they let you understand what will be the outcome we want but they also give us the opportunity to be more secuer when doing changes. Indeed now, without tests, I'm having quite some problems with the new components
- ***COMMUNITY*** I'm trying to keep up with the dev open space and started to make announcements and also making sure to go on with the review of the survey and why is it so hard to partecipate to communities. At least started my involvement in the communities


- *** J. FEEDBACK*** Start shadow for recruiting, understanding the broader view of the project, I can improve CI/CD, Security and TDD


  - [x] TDD
  - [x] Vim
  - [x] Community
  - [x] Backend
  - [x] Java
  - [x] Web accessibility
  - [x] Nvm
  - [x] Command line
  - [x] Core Skills