**HIGHLIGHT JULY 17 TO 21**

- ***DOCKER***, I got more actively involved with it and slowly starting to understand how it works. I'm also developing the memory and familiarity about the commands to do things with it. Also very, very **broadely** understood the difference between Colima and Docker.
- ***POSTGRESQL*** the first approach to DB since a very long time, it went pretty well event if I'm still having some problems with setting up things and run the application.
- ***NODE*** Finally pushed to start the second 100Dev part, and I've started connecting things and understanding other things I saw previously that barely made sense. I did understand how much is important for me keeping up with theory! Need to learn to proper have a learning schedule.
- ***CORE SKILLS*** I did the Presentation of Performance review and I can surely do better. Next time more simple and shorter. I hope I will get used to presentations to some point. I'm also trying to get involved with communities at work, and I'm a bit more involved!
- ***CONSULTING*** I also started developping my consulting experience. Very goofly but still I'm starting (fake it until you make it!). Gently proposed pairing sessions
- ***ACCESSIBILITY*** Did a feedback, put my ideas out there and now I have the chance to collaborate with the internal a11y toolkit!
- ***WRITING*** I'm slowly trying to get back on the habit of writing, and so far is going pretty well! I hope I will be able to do more than only blog post for me!


- *** J. FEEDBACK*** Start shadow for recruiting, understanding the broader view of the project, I can improve CI/CD, Security and TDD


